c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.xr.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.exe
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmd
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pri
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.exe
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.xr.xml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.exe
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.pdb
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmd
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pdb
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pri
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.exe
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\TimeTriggerTask.pdb
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TimeTriggerTask\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
