c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.xr.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.exe
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.exe
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Plus.v1.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Plus.v1.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Plus.v1.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\ASMGmailAWSAD2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MessageHeader.g.i.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MessageHeader.g.cs
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\MessageHeader.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MessageHeader.xaml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\obj\Debug\MessageHeader.xbf
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ASMGmailAWSAD2\ASMGmailAWSAD2\bin\Debug\ClientScret\client_secret
