c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmd
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pri
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmd
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmdobj
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.compile.pdb
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\macos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmd
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pdb
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\bin\Debug\TriggerInterface.pri
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmd
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.pdb
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.winmdobj
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\TriggerInterface.compile.pdb
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\MacOS\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AWSAD2\TimeTriggerTask\TriggerInterface\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
